TINY-9630: Update CodeSample Template dropdown to custom style (#8587)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within a noneditable host element. #TINY-9664
- Quickbar toolbars was shown for noneditable contents in a noneditable root. #TINY-9460

### Changed

> - Update the dropdown style of code sample and template to tinymce custom style. #TINY-9630

Reviewer: Thinking this might be a bit clearer as to what the change is.
```suggestion
- Update the `codesample` plugin dialog and `template` plugin dialog to use the 'listbox' component to match other dialogs. #TINY-9630
```
